# T1574.010A - Service File Permissions Weakness
<blockquote>
This page was modified by A-FIRST
</blockquote>
<br/>

## [Description from ATT&CK](https://attack.mitre.org/techniques/T1574/001)

<blockquote>Adversaries may execute their own malicious payloads by hijacking the binaries used by services. Adversaries may use flaws in the permissions of Windows services to replace the binary that is executed upon service start. These service processes may automatically execute specific binaries as part of their functionality or to perform other actions. If the permissions on the file system directory containing a target binary, or permissions on the binary itself are improperly set, then the target binary may be overwritten with another binary using user-level permissions and executed by the original process. If the original process and thread are running under a higher permissions level, then the replaced binary will also execute under higher-level permissions, which could include SYSTEM.

Adversaries may use this technique to replace legitimate binaries with malicious ones as a means of executing code at a higher permissions level. If the executing process is set to run at a specific time or during a certain event (e.g., system bootup) then this technique can also be used for persistence.</blockquote>

## Atomic Tests

- [Atomic Test #1 - Replace System Service File](#atomic-test-1---Replace-System-Service-File)


<br/>

## Atomic Test #1 - Replace System Service File
The attacker looks for legacy driver services that are disabled and replaces legitimate executables.
Set persistence by setting such hijacked services to start automatically.

**Supported Platforms:** Windows

#### Inputs:
| Name         | Description            | Type   | Default Value                                          |
| ------------ | ---------------------- | ------ | ------------------------------------------------------ |
| service_name | legacy driver services | String | T1574.010                                        |
| local_file   | File path for data     | String | PathToAtomicsFolder&#92;T1574.010A&#92;src&#92;T1574.010A.exe |

<br/>

#### Attack Commands: Run with `command_prompt`!  Elevation Required (e.g. root or admin) 


```cmd
copy #{local_file} C:\WINDOWS\system32\T1574.010A.exe
sc start T1574.010
```

#### Cleanup Commands:
```cmd
del C:\WINDOWS\system32\T1574.010A.exe
sc delete T1574.010
```

#### Dependencies:  Run with `command_prompt`!  Elevation Required (e.g. root or admin) 
##### Description: The shared library must exist on disk at specified location (#{path_malicious_plist})
##### Check Prereq Commands:
```cmd
sc query T1574.010
```
##### Get Prereq Commands:
```cmd
copy #{local_file} C:\WINDOWS\system32\T1574.010A.exe
sc create T1574.010 binPath= "C:\WINDOWS\system32\T1574.010A.exe
sc.exe stop #{service_name} >nul 2>&1
```




<br/>
