# T1082 - System Information Discovery
<blockquote>
This page was modified by A-FIRST
</blockquote>
<br/>

## [Description from ATT&CK](https://attack.mitre.org/techniques/T1082)

<blockquote>An adversary may attempt to get detailed information about the operating system and hardware, including version, patches, hotfixes, service packs, and architecture. Adversaries may use the information from [System Information Discovery](https://attack.mitre.org/techniques/T1082) during automated discovery to shape follow-on behaviors, including whether or not the adversary fully infects the target and/or attempts specific actions.

Tools such as [Systeminfo](https://attack.mitre.org/software/S0096) can be used to gather detailed system information. A breakdown of system data can also be gathered through the macOS <code>systemsetup</code> command, but it requires administrative privileges.

Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) cloud providers such as AWS, GCP, and Azure allow access to instance and virtual machine information via APIs. Successful authenticated API calls can return data such as the operating system platform and status of a particular instance or the model view of a virtual machine.(Citation: Amazon Describe Instance)(Citation: Google Instances Resource)(Citation: Microsoft Virutal Machine API)</blockquote>

## Atomic Tests

- [Atomic Test #9 - Griffon Recon](#atomic-test-9---griffon-recon)


<br/>

## Atomic Test #9 - Griffon Recon
Griffon is a sophisticated tool believed to be in use by one of more "APT" groups.  This atomic is for detecting, specifically, the reconnaissance part of the tool.
This script used here was reduced by security researcher Kirk Sayre (github.com/kirk-sayre-work/1a9476e7708ed650508f9fb5adfbad9d), 
and it gives the exact same recon behavior as the original (minus the C2 interaction).  
For more information see also e.g. https://malpedia.caad.fkie.fraunhofer.de/details/js.griffon and https://attack.mitre.org/software/S0417/

**Supported Platforms:** Windows




#### Inputs:
| Name     | Description           | Type   | Default Value                                                |
| -------- | --------------------- | ------ | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| vbscript | Path to sample script | String | PathToAtomicsFolder&#92;T1082&#92;src&#92;griffon_recon.vbs |


#### Attack Commands: Run with `powershell`! 


```powershell
cscript #{vbscript}
```






<br/>
