# T1027.002 - Software Packing
## [Description from ATT&CK](https://attack.mitre.org/techniques/T1027/002)
<blockquote>Adversaries may perform software packing or virtual machine software protection to conceal their code. Software packing is a method of compressing or encrypting an executable. Packing an executable changes the file signature in an attempt to avoid signature-based detection. Most decompression techniques decompress the executable code in memory. Virtual machine software protection translates an executable's original code into a special format that only a special virtual machine can run. A virtual machine is then called to run this code.(Citation: ESET FinFisher Jan 2018) 

Utilities used to perform software packing are called packers. Example packers are MPRESS and UPX. A more comprehensive list of known packers is available, (Citation: Wikipedia Exe Compression) but adversaries may create their own packing techniques that do not leave the same artifacts as well-known packers to evade defenses.  </blockquote>

## Atomic Tests

- [Atomic Test #1 - Binary simply packed by UPX](#atomic-test-1---binary-simply-packed-by-upx)



<br/>

## Atomic Test #1 - Binary simply packed by UPX 
Copies and then runs a simple binary (just outputting "the cake is a lie"), that was packed by UPX.

**Supported Platforms:** Windows


#### Inputs:
| Name      | Description   | Type | Default Value                                 |
| --------- | ------------- | ---- | --------------------------------------------- |
| bin_path  | Packed binary | Path | PathToAtomicsFolder/T1027.002A/src/upx.exe    |
| file_path | Packed binary | Path | PathToAtomicsFolder/T1027.002A/src/PsExec.exe |


#### Attack Commands: Run with `command_prompt`! 


```cmd
#{bin_paht} -1 #{file_path}
#{file_path}
```

#### Cleanup Commands:
```cmd
#{bin_paht} -d #{file_path}
```





<br/>
