# T1057A - Process Discovery
## [Description from ATT&CK](https://attack.mitre.org/techniques/T1057)
<blockquote>Adversaries may attempt to get information about running processes on a system. Information obtained could be used to gain an understanding of common software/applications running on systems within the network. Adversaries may use the information from [Process Discovery](https://attack.mitre.org/techniques/T1057) during automated discovery to shape follow-on behaviors, including whether or not the adversary fully infects the target and/or attempts specific actions.

In Windows environments, adversaries could obtain details on running processes using the [Tasklist](https://attack.mitre.org/software/S0057) utility via [cmd](https://attack.mitre.org/software/S0106) or <code>Get-Process</code> via [PowerShell](https://attack.mitre.org/techniques/T1059/001). Information about processes can also be extracted from the output of [Native API](https://attack.mitre.org/techniques/T1106) calls such as <code>CreateToolhelp32Snapshot</code>. In Mac and Linux, this is accomplished with the <code>ps</code> command. Adversaries may also opt to enumerate processes via /proc.</blockquote>

## Atomic Tests

- [Atomic Test #1 - Process Discovery - Get-Process](#atomic-test-1---process-discovery---Get-Process)

- [Atomic Test #2 - Process Discovery - ps](#atomic-test-2---process-discovery---ps)

- [Atomic Test #2 - Process Discovery - pslist(sysinternal)](#atomic-test-3---process-discovery---pslist(sysinternal))


<br/>

## Atomic Test #1 - Process Discovery - Get-Process
Utilize tasklist to identify processes.

Upon successful execution, powershell will execute Get-Process to list processes. Output will be via stdout.

**Supported Platforms:** Windows


<br/>


#### Attack Commands: Run with `PowerShell`! 


```PowerShell
Get-Process
```


<br/>
<br/>

## Atomic Test #2 - Process Discovery - ps


**Supported Platforms:** Windows


<br/>


#### Attack Commands: Run with `PowerShell`! 


```PowerShell
ps
```


<br/>
<br/>


## Atomic Test #3 - Process Discovery - pslist(sysinternal)


**Supported Platforms:** Windows



#### Inputs:
| Name   | Description        | Type   | Default Value                                        |
| ------ | ------------------ | ------ | ---------------------------------------------------- |
| pslist | Path to pslist.exe | String | PathToAtomicsFolder&#92;A1057&#92;src&#92;pslist.exe |

<br/>

#### Attack Commands: Run with `command_prompt`! 


```cmd
#{pslist}
```






<br/>
